Reference Adam's Onboarding step-by-step guide (#1689)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/StartHere.md

- If you publish dependencies used by other repos, you'll need to onboard onto
  Arcade, so that other repos may consume your outputs.

## I'm ready to get started, what do I do?

See the [Arcade Onboarding](Onboarding.md) guide.

> Additionally, the WinForms team published [Arcade - Starting from Scratch](https://microsoft.sharepoint.com/:w:/t/MerriesWinFormsandSetup/EdJpqtiLVdtFuS6p10E0o_IBVu2WsETAd4zBf6YdVKsLcQ?rtime=MyHzd7Rx1kg), documenting their path to adopt Arcade, including moving their repositories public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the WinForms team has documented their path to adopt Arcade from scratch, including moving their repositories public. Their guide can be found here: [Arcade - Starting from Scratch](https://microsoft.sharepoint.com/:w:/t/MerriesWinFormsandSetup/EdJpqtiLVdtFuS6p10E0o_IBVu2WsETAd4zBf6YdVKsLcQ?rtime=MyHzd7Rx1kg)
```

super nitpicky but I think this flows better? Feel free to reject or modify as appropriate
